fix(docs): Grammatical corrections and adding punctuations in Agents … (#873)
fetchai/docs: pages/examples/intermediate/agent-and-function-api.mdx

## Introduction

> This example provides details on how to create Agents and respective Agent Functions in Agentverse using APIs. We will a demonstrate Python script that interacts with Agentverse and helps us create Agents and Agent Functions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example provides details on how to create Agents and respective Agent Functions in Agentverse using APIs. We provide a Python script that interacts with Agentverse allowing us to create Agents and Agent Functions.
```

### Script breakdown

> - Importing required libraries and setting up authorization token.

Reviewer: Would this be better as a colon?

Author: yes
